
corey bennett

330 trails end lane
jumping branch, wv 25969
Phone: 3042226609
Cell: 3042226609
E-Mail: coreybennett0915@yahoo.com

Professional Summary

Construction Equipment Operator skilled at maneuvering the heavy machinery used to construct roads, bridges and buildings. Seasoned heavy equipment operator with 5 years experience operating heavy duty machinery on a diverse range of construction sites and projects. I always put worth my best effort. All day every day I'm going strong. I always complain about wanting more work. I like to work for my money and for the things i have. I'm very interested in a job with your company. And will work hard.

Skills

Certified Heavy Equipment Operator
Works well in extreme temperatures
Rollers and compactors operation
Skid steer loader
Foundation excavation

Certified Heavy Equipment Operator
Works well in extreme temperatures
Emphasizes craftsmanship
Backhoe loading

Work History
January 2014 to present
Shaft drillers international
Rig hand/crane an equipment operator
Drill large diameter holes

January 2012 to 2014
Harmon construction nimitz, wv
experienced labor/operator    

Placed soil and rock fills and installed and cleaned ditches.
Accurately graded and tracked slopes.
Responded to customer questions using knowledge of products and basic concrete construction techniques.
Also done new construction. Roofs, siding, and decks. So I know what it means to work.

January 2010 to January 2012
slurry pavers inc. Richmond, va
heavy equipment operator    

Accurately graded and tracked slopes.
Placed soil and rock fills and installed and cleaned ditches.
Recorded accurate daily vehicle mileage logs.
Maintained equipment in good working order by checking fluid levels and greasing and fueling machines.
Immediately communicated any equipment issues to the supervisor.
Paved roadways using roller equipment.
Located utilities and other buried lines prior to digging.
Kept efficient time and material records.
Traveled on interstate highways and rural dirt roads to job sites.
Responded to both hand and verbal instructions.
Operated a loader to feed the plant and load trucks.
Completed written reports of problems and necessary repairs and forwarded to maintenance personnel.
Operated heavy equipment, including motor graders, heavy loaders, carryalls, bulldozers, backhoes, roller scrapers and tractors.

January 2007 to January 2010
Summers nursing and rehab center Hillsdale, wv
activities assitant    
Kept elderly happy. 

Education

2011 Summers county high Summers county, wv
High School Diploma  
